Update release note with OpenAPI improvements (#1823)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-GA-release-note.md

#### Improvements

##### Ballerina OpenAPI Tool

> ###### The Ballerina to OpenAPI command improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### OpenAPI Contract Generation
```

- Added support for Ballerina HTTP headers with type `int`, `int[]`, `boolean` and `boolean[]`.
- Added support for Ballerina HTTP payloads with type `map<string>`.

> - Improved OAS response header mapping for contexts where the header details are defined within the return type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the OAS response header mapping for contexts in which the header details are defined within the return type
```

> - Improved resource functions `http:Header`  mapping with type  `int`, `int[]`, `boolean` and `boolean[]`.
> - Added support to generate OAS when request payload has `map<string>` type.
> - Improved the OAS response header map when the resource function has given the details of header within `return` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for Ballerina HTTP headers with type `int`, `int[]`, `boolean` and `boolean[]`.
- Added support for Ballerina HTTP payloads with type `map<string>`.
- Improved OAS response header mapping for contexts where the header details are defined within the return type.
```

> ###### The Ballerina service generation improvements for the OpenAPI to Ballerina command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Ballerina Service Generation
```

> - Added support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable  types and default values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable types and default values
```

> - Added support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values
```

> - Improved OpenAPI query parameter details mapping in resource function when OAS query parameter has nested array type,  optional type,  default value and enabled nullable true.
> - Improved OpenAPI header parameter details mapping in resource function when OAS header has an optional type,  default value and enabled nullable true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable  types and default values.
- Added support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values.
```
